As a junior enlisted person, while most people in the marine corps and
the navy lived in open bay barracks, that is you live in one fairly
large room with anywhere from twenty to fifty bunks in it. Frequently
the bunks were double deckers, that is there was somebody be the
upper bunk and somebody lower bunk sometimes they were single level.
Then when you make a NCO level, used to be with then you'd get and
one or two man room, and then as you got to be a very senior enlisted
you would get a reasonable suite to live in. Although senior listed
frequently got married and we're living in married quarters or off
camp. So they were all pretty decent. Now of course when you're a combat
zone you might be on the field some living in tents, depending
on if you're one of the services that does that sort thing. Like the
air force doesn't do that very much, and the navy doesn't do that
very much, but there were navy linguists with me and Kontin, up in the
DMZ. where we were living in bunkers. There was a navy corpsman that
was up there with this I stepped on this great big engineering spike
that went all the way through my foot, stuck out the top and there
was a navy corpsman right there to give me a booster shot of tetanus,
and and laughed with me about a stupid thing that was to step
on that spike. But living quarters typically for cryptologist was very
good